well my people here I bring you a new
gameplay this time is a trick
this trick is to get out of the
table easily because I see this from
the table but super complicated
nothing to the gun I recommend
to put marathon and light way yo
that's what I did and the other thing is that when
jump with the high school yo
try to jump with the primary no no
I tried it many times but it did not work out
with this one I get out of here they throw a
little and when making jump
They rotate the camera as you are running one
take a little to the side run and
rotate the camera from here they can change
you can look for here better pay you
can look at the ones inside
they can kill can not see
this nothing and now for being here
we jump and get off the map
they can not enter for houses for
house can not enter but they can
sorry can see inside the house
and shoot those who are inside
houses
they can go all around like
now that I got into the corridors
of pérez through the corridors where
they leave me answer
this the houses where they can only
see the and then of course if you want to
multiplayer
As you can see you can kill those who
they are in the vicinity
in multiple and I recommend that
do not use that they do not kill the kiel camps
the last enemy that does not kill him
and do not do it when they do it in
hardcore so that people do not see it and
so they do not go and as you can see the
my friend climbed
The other thing I want them to have is the
that jump and do not jump high and do not
They do not kill that they will need a lot
how can you see
the partner was below the map and I
he shot me and no matter how much I
they shot they did not kill him if he killed me
important lightweight marathon and what's
that when they fall from 'the site
high do not die here the two of us
we climbed and we both threw ourselves well
we throw the two
if there is an enemy that is also what
do the two can be killed under the
Map
wrong
the other is the other
you have to be very careful because if
they run for off the map as they go to
vélez in these moments if they run out
of the map what it does is that it falls
you see there you have to be very careful
all over the map and I run and I have not
fallen but here if this but nothing that 's
all the video this I hope you like
if you like to like it please
keep doing the videos of these
things and nothing see you until the next